Update sensitivity-labels.md (#6937)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/sensitivity-labels.md

- **Sensitivity labels aren't supported by Teams Graph APIs, PowerShell cmdlets, and templates**
    
    Users won't be able to apply sensitivity labels on teams that are created directly through Teams Graph APIs, Teams PowerShell cmdlets, and Teams templates.
    

>     However, users can use the [update groups beta API](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/api/group-update?view=graph-rest-beta&tabs=http) to update sensitivity labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    However, users can use the [update groups beta API](/graph/api/group-update?view=graph-rest-beta&tabs=http) to update sensitivity labels.
```

>     However, users can use [update groups beta API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/group-update?view=graph-rest-beta&tabs=http) to update sensitivity label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    However, users can use the [update groups beta API](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/api/group-update?view=graph-rest-beta&tabs=http) to update sensitivity labels.
```

Author: @JohanFreelancer9 - I clicked on commit  suggestions, i am assuming that will automatically commit the changes suggested by you.

Reviewer: Yes, that is perfect. Thank you so much.
